make a Arrange to observe a sign indicating direction of travel.
Travel in the indicated direction.
Travel in another direction.
Arrange to observe a NO SMOKING sign.
smoking.
no smoking.
Performer buys an ice cream cone and then [a] eats it, or [b] gives it to a stranger, or [c]
waits until it melts completely. then eats the cone. or [d] on finishing the piece. buys
another ice cream cone.
Conduct a large crowd of people to the house of a stranger. Knock on the door. When
someone opens the door, the crowd applauds and cheers vigorously.
All depart silently.
a selected location in the city. An area of a sidewalk is designated for the event. This
area of sidewalk is cleaned very thoroughly. with various devices not usually used in
street cleaning, such as: dental tools. toothbrushes, steel wool. cotton balls with
alcohol, cotton swabs. surgeon's sponges. tooth picks.linen napkins, etc.
A broom (or some other thing) is tied. to the end of a string about 3 yards long. Then it
is pulled behind all over the busy streets. on a Sunday.
On a busy city avenue, draw a circle about 3m in diameter with chalk on the sidewalk.
Walk around the circle. as long as possible without stopping.
Cover a large area with paper joined together.
Tracks left by: a stone.
clothes (left lying about, hanging up, on someone.)
wood (in a tree, on the ground, on a hand, etc.)
perform rain, wind.
an automobile. (on us, on a road, etc.)
man (his foot, bare, shod, the tracks left by his activies, etc.)
thoughts (of man, thoughts themselves)
words (on paper. in mouths. etc.)
etc, etc.
We may observe tracks. examine them. if possible photograph them. draw them. paint
them. etc. or simply be aware of them.
Make something in the. street and give it away.
Adult in lotus posture & eyes half shut. positions himself.
[perambulator] and is pushed several children through a shopping
center or calm street.
Drag by a string along streets. stairs.
musical instruments, etc.
Word event.
Write a word or words on the enclosed card and place it somewhere. Please tell me
the word and the place. which will be edited on the world map.
The performer or performers shuffle. into the performance area and away from it. above. behind. around. or through the audience. They perform as a group or solo: but quietly.
Make a salad.
Make a soup.
The performer massages hands in front of the microphone. Other performers enter one at the time. They make a mass of massaging hands and leave one at a time following the first performer.
The performer in a single child, two or three years old. One or both parents may be present to assist him with a pail of water or a banana etc. When a child leaves the stage the performance is over.
Exit in a new suit.
Make something in the street and give it away.
A member of the audience is invited to come forward to a microphone if one is availlable and describe a pair of shoes. the one he is wearing or another pair. He is encouraged to tell where he got them. the size. color. why he likes them. etc.
Each thinks beforehand of a song. and, on a signal from the conductor, sings it through.
Divide a variety of objects into two groups. Each group is labeled "everything.". These groups may include several people. There is a third division of the stage empty of objects labeled "nothing." Each of the objects is "something." One performer combines and activates the objects as follows for any duration of time:
1. something with everything.
2. something with nothing.
3. something with something.
4. everything with everything.
5. everything with nothing.
6. nothing with nothing.
a graphic performance of this piece. which uses words as one group of objects and image as the other.
Print in the streets.
1st movement: orange.
2nd movement: black.
3rd movement: blue.
The performers, usually two.
Tie up the audience.
Select a platform. or any large square or rectangular area that is set apart. or raised above the room. Measure this area. using an assistant. finding its center. Then drop a plumb line to this point from the ceiling. Find the center of this distance and mark the string with chalk. there for the duration of the performance.
Locate an empty chair, before the performance, in the center of the center aisle, equipped with reading light and a book. If nobody has taken this seat by intermission, one of the other performers should do so.
Unperformed.
This piece uses an old piece of furniture in bad shape. Destroy it further. if you like. Bandage it up with gauze and adhesive. Spray red paint on the wounded joints. Effective lighting helps. This activity may be performed with one or more performers. and simultaneously with other events.
Find something you like in the street and give it away. Or find a variety of things, make something of them. and give it away.
List your problems from one to five.
For each problem list the best solution you can think of.
For each problem also list a color.
Whenever the problem arises in your mind. think first of the best solution. and if you cannot act upon it immediately. switch to concentration on the color until an absolute necessity intervenes.
 for the length of the stage. Performers have acquainted themselves with the nature of the score and the nature of the instrument chosen.
3 or more performers each with his/her instrument steps into the projected light over the onion skin score one after the another walks the number of steps his/her first name. Each performer proceeds into the light when the previous one has waked stopped and his/her sound at the score. Each performer waits until the previous performer has made his/her sounds at the score.
The performers proceed around the score with a slow walk counting the paces of his/her name.
e.g. Thomas is 6 paces. A pace is one in and out breath.
Make a sudden, destructive unpredictable action; incorporate.
Balance the consistency principle with the inconsistency principle.
Listen to the quiet voice.
What wouldn’t you do?.
Give way to your worst impulse.
Go outside. Shut the door.
Make an exhaustive list of everything you might do and do the last thing on the list.
Go slowly all the way round the outside.
Change nothing and continue with immaculate consistency.
Once the search is in progress, something will be found.
Abandon normal instruments.
Accept advice.
Accretion.
A line has two sides.
Allow an easement (an easement is the abandonment of a stricture).
Are there sections? Consider transitions.
Ask people to work against their better judgement.
Ask your body.
Assemble some of the instruments in a group and treat the group.
Balance the consistency principle with the inconsistency principle.
Be dirty.
Breathe more deeply.
Bridges -build -burn.
Cascades.
Change instrument roles.
Change nothing and continue with immaculate consistency.
Children's voices -speaking -singing.
Cluster analysis.
Consider different fading systems.
Consult other sources -promising -unpromising.
Convert a melodic element into a rhythmic element.
Courage!.
Cut a vital connection.
Decorate, decorate.
Define an area as `safe' and use it as an anchor.
Destroy -nothing -the most important thing.
Discard an axiom.
Disconnect from desire.
Discover the recipes you are using and abandon them.
Distorting time.
Do nothing for as long as possible.
Don't be afraid of things because they're easy to do.
Don't be frightened of cliches.
Don't be frightened to display your talents.
Don't break the silence.
Don't stress one thing more than another.
Do something boring.
Do the washing up.
Do the words need changing?.
Do we need holes?.
Emphasize differences.
Emphasize repetitions.
Emphasize the flaws.
Faced with a choice.
Feedback recordings into an acoustic situation.
Fill every beat with something.
Get your neck massaged.
Ghost echoes.
Give the game away.
Give way to your worst impulse.
Go slowly all the way round the outside.
Honor thy error as a hidden intention.
How would you have done it?.
Humanize something free of error.
Imagine the music as a moving chain or caterpillar.
Imagine the music as a set of disconnected events.
Infinitesimal gradations.
Intentions -credibility of -nobility of -humility of.
Into the impossible.
Is it finished?.
Is there something missing?.
Is the tuning appropriate?.
Just carry on.
Left channel, right channel, centre channel.
Listen in total darkness, or in a very large room, very quietly.
Listen to the quiet voice.
Look at a very small object, look at its centre.
Look at the order in which you do things.
Look closely at the most embarrassing details and amplify them.
Lowest common denominator check -single beat -single note -single.
riff.
Make a blank valuable by putting it in an exquisite frame.
Make an exhaustive list of everything you might do and do the last.
thing on the list.
Make a sudden, destructive unpredictable action; incorporate.
Mechanicalize something idiosyncratic.
Mute and continue.
Only one element of each kind.
make (Organic) machinery.
make (Organic) things
overtly resist change.
Put in earplugs.
Remember those quiet evenings.
Remove ambiguities and convert to specifics.
Remove specifics and convert to ambiguities.
Repetition is a form of change.
Reverse.
Short circuit (example: a man eating peas with the idea that they will.
improve his virility shovels them straight into his lap).
Shut the door and listen from outside.
Simple subtraction.
Spectrum analysis.
Take a break.
Take away the elements in order of apparent non-importance.
Tape your mouth.
The inconsistency principle.
The tape is now the music.
Think of the radio.
Tidy up.
Trust in the you of now.
Turn it upside down.
Twist the spine.
Use an old idea.
Use an unacceptable color.
Use fewer notes.
Use filters.
Use `unqualified' people
Water.
What are you really thinking about just now?. Incorporate.
What is the reality of the situation?.
What mistakes did you make last time?.
What would your closest friend do?.
What wouldn't you do?.
Work at a different speed.
You are an engineer.
You can only make one dot at a time.
take a screenshot of your walk on the map.
On your own.
go for a walk.
make your way to the next street corner.
Wait for someone to walk past you, follow them!!!.
Fall into their rhythm.
Stop when they stop.
Turn when they turn.
Reflect upon where they might be going.
Of what their life might contain.
Keep walking. (stop after 5 mins).
(use a fitness tracking app to record your journey).
Turn right and continue until you see a signpost on the left.
Pause at the gateway and read.
Pass through the gateway and commence walking in silence.
Walk with mindfulness and stop to make a drawing when called upon to do so. (If walking with a partner or in a bubble, participants are encouraged to take turns to call for a drawing. Calling for a drawing momentarily suspends the silence.)
look at it.
listen to it.
taste it.
acknowledge the moment and ... step away.
walk and
A thing that
Write a
write an
write the
Reflect upon the
Reflect on
Reflect without
a person doing
Perform: Sound artist working from home.
pt1. Film yourself doing something you do every day.
document in video.
attempt to perform the daily activity in reverse.
Create a poem with the @whatthreewords app.
do the dishes!.
perform @OblStrats most recent tweet.
Make @conceptsbot most recent tweet.
Make @artassignbot most recent tweet.
perform @GraphicScoreBot most recent tweet.
Play an instrument in a way you are not supposed to.
Walk between two objects.
a work made by walking back and forth.
a work that involves water.
an intervention in the landscape.
an intervention in the landscape.
an intervention in the landscape of






